= Data URI

== Introduction

Data URIs allow resources to be embedded inside a URI. The DataURI::Data class
provides support for parsing these URIs.

I wrote it to support embedding binary data inside JSON messages in a
relatively reasonable way. If you find some other use for it, please drop me
a line.

== Usage

 require 'data_uri'

 uri = DataURI::Data.new('data:image/gif;base64,...')
 uri.content_type # image/gif
 uri.data # Base64 decoded data

There is no support for creating data URI strings, but it would be trivial to
add if anyone's interested.

== License:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Donald Ball <donald.ball@gmail.com>
Copyright (c) 2024 Andrii Lazarchuk <alazarchuk@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
